As you can see here I'm working inside of a new file called classes dodgier.
So if you want to go ahead and pausa and get this file set up and linked up to your index start aged
you know feel free to do so.
But that being said we're going to be talking about a new iOS 6 feature referred to as you guessed it
classes.
Now originally javascript didn't really have classes from E.S. one to S-5.
Well not classes as you would typically find them in other languages like for example C-Sharp or something
like that.
Instead what you would often do is you would create a constructor function like this to function maybe
person type and then give it a parameter of name like so and then we'll do this dot name equals name.
And then after that you would assign things like methods to the prototype of this particular constructor.
So do person prototype and then we can add something like say name and just said equal to an anonymous
function and we'll just canceled or log this name.
Now whenever we create an instance or we create an object using this constructor will do let's say Konst
person equals new person type like so pass in a name like Ricky.
You'll see that this method is actually available on all of the objects that we create with our custom
type.
So if I do say a name like so should print out Ricky as you can see right here.
And a lot of people have created libraries over the years that kind of mimic how classes would look
inside of other programming languages.
Now a lot of javascript developers argue that you really don't need classes inside of javascript but
whether you think that it should have them or should not have them.
They are now available inside of iOS 6.
So we're going to go ahead and look at how that works.